okay I'm gonna show you how to do your
oh my clogs if that's what you're
wanting to do section up here very small
okay you take it you twist it twist
twist twist twist okay now you've got a
twist now you're gonna take this is what
I'm using as my interlocking tool you
can get this and a package of beads from
any beauty supply
you know you get beads for like your
daughter little girl beads and these
come inside it works really well and
it's cheap the whole package of beads
cost like a dollar two dollars at the
most so you want anyone a small one you
have longer ones they have big fat ones
if you're just starting your locs you
want to small okay so you put this bead
thing right here at the root I put it
through careful not to snag any of your
other locks stick this through like this
pull it through see you pull it to this
side now you gotta go down downs tricky
for me but here see I went down through
disappointed through the loop you can do
it now this is worth the trouble because
they will charge you 300 to 400 dollars
easily for this what I'm doing here
so you save a lot of money doing it
yourself you want to do it in different
directions like going down and then to
the side you want to end up pulling it
back I'm gonna show you what I mean
hey just read it through pull it back
because you want your lungs to kind of
go back you don't want to end up this
way you know you don't want to walk
doing that well I wouldn't but that's
the style you're looking for maybe want
a bang and then in that case you would
want the lock to go down this way but I
don't I want my locks going back
whatever direction you want that locking
that's where you need to end hey try to
show you again people do it tight I'm
against tight I don't like anything to
be too extremely tight I think it puts
stress on the scalp just one preference
but the more you lock it the title you
get you know about what you want
yeah I've threaded it through
pull it down move that up
you see that's nice and and tight there
and I get another one in there okay no
all right okay you gotta be careful make
sure you don't snag one with the other
just really easy to do Oh cheap you can
you sure you
I guess one that's in the front I
haven't locked this one yet so we go
this way
the advantages of locking interlocking
is that I can wash my hair right now and
it's nothing unravel because you
essentially when you do this method
you're tying your hair knots
mmm-hmm got a lot of work ahead of me to
do all these is more time-consuming
applying and think about I don't want to
pace myself through it I probably use a
the whole week or two weeks even
finished